Welcome, Ms. Chloe.
Oh, my God!
Hey, you guys!
Sorry, I'm walking right by you.
We're this.
Fabulous.
We have a life.
Hashtag.
Yellow.
Heart eyes and lady.
Here we are.
Your bedroom.
This is Edmund's bedroom?
No.
I'm supposed to be living with Edmund.
Oh, I'm sorry, Ms.
The Duke asked that you stay in this wing.
His quarters are off limits to you.
Well, that's nonsense.
What are you still doing here?
Actually, draw me a bath and insta-cart me a green juice.
I don't know how you do business over there, but here,
once the deal memo is signed, there's no turning back.
You either move forward to the final agreement within one week
or pay the penalty, which is $20 million.
Those are the options.
Oh, my God!
I'm suing you.
You can't even deliver coffee. Get out.
Get out!